OK, so with graphic novels you
will be asked to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you were telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures. Describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story and
then your first story.
Is.
8 slides long.
OK.
So just describe what you see
and then when you're done
describing each page.
#START_arrival_4 OK, sure. All
right, so the story begins with
a man who looks to be in his 30s
or early 40s, shirtless, and
something that resembles a
shower. And there's water
pouring down on him. After that,
he goes to his sink.
And begins to.
He has.
Shaving cream on his face and it
looks as if he's using something
like a razor to shave his face.
Then he begins to get dressed.
He's wearing a button down
collared shirt over top of which
is a vest and we see a close up
of his hands buttoning the vest.
From there the next panel is
that he's leaning over and we
see his hands tying his
shoelace. He's wearing, you
know, nice looking shoes. It's
kind of hard to tell from the
screen what style they are, but
the kind of style that you would
wear if you were wearing a a
button down suit. The next scene
is he's holding what looks to be
a bill like a current like form
of currency. I can't tell the
denomination.
On top of that there are some
coins, so it looks as if he's
counting the money that he has
on him at the moment. Then the
next scene is he is grabbing his
hat off of some kind of a
platform of some kind, like
maybe a ledge or a desk or
something, and we just see his
hand taking hold of a hat.
The next scene is a close-up
image of a map. We see streets,
uh little small squares that are
not identified that are probably
buildings. You know, at some
point there's.
There's like a.
You know, side avenue that
connects to a circle, you know,
so some kind of like maybe a
roundabout of some kind in this
town.
After that, we see him holding
the map. It's a trifold map and
it's sort of, you know, partway
bent in the middle. So he's
looking it over. And then the
next scene after that is seeing
him from a distance.
So we have a full body view of
him looking at the map.
And there's some kind of a
creature at his feet and you
know, it's kind of the a cross
between a cat and a mouse and
with some kind of a snake
tongue. And it's it's just kind
of like looking up at him, sort
of just possibly waiting for
him.
The next scene is him just
walking down the sidewalk.
There's some other people in
view. This creature is following
behind him. It's got a really
long tail. This is some kind of
a fantasy creature. This
creature does not exist in real
life. So I guess we'll find out
more about this world that we're
in. You know, as the story
progresses, the next.
So now we begin to see sort of
a.
A broader view of the town or
the city that they're in, and it
definitely does seem sort of a,
you know, futuristic, futuristic
landscape with conical
buildings, clouds in the middle
of the landscape, much lower to
the ground than they would be in
real life.
In the next scene we see um,
also the close up of a map, but
it looks slightly different with
the language up at the top that
doesn't exist in real in real
life.
Then we see.
We see once again the man
looking at the map. Um, he's we
can see his face sort of more
clearly. For the first time,
he's squinting at the map. I
think maybe looks like he's
trying to find something. Seen
after that is he's once again
looking at the map and this
creature, this kind of like
half.
Mouse.
Lizard creature is still waiting
for him.
And then after that we see once
again a sort of.
A A scene, you know, like the
scene of the actual city that
he's in, and there are airships
and an aqueduct.
Sort of in the background and in
the foreground where he's
standing are these conical
teepee like structures that are
there amongst the sidewalk with
a lot of people, sort of fantasy
creatures and at least one thing
that looks like a robot. If and
if not a robot, then some kind
of parking meter or something
that one of the other characters
is interacting with.
But, you know, seems for sure
confirmed that we are definitely
in some kind of science fiction.
Um world.
OK, so from here we see the
creature that we've seen before,
the mouse snake creature. I'll
just call it a.
Um, yeah, like the mouse snake
creature is interacting with
something that looks like a a
rabbit owl creature, and the two
are just hanging out. The man
that's looking at the map now
looks over at the woman who
seems to be the companion for
the.
Bunny owl creature. And now he
begins to interact with her. She
is reading a book and he is
looking over the map. He holds
his hand up like a gesture of
kind of like can you help me?
And then he shows her the map.
And she begins to point at
something on the map.
So we see her pointing at the
map. She's wearing a ring on her
pointer finger. And then she
gestures over to the the machine
that I kind of thought was a
parking meter before, and it
seems to be some kind of a
telephone. She's gesturing over
at it. And so now we see the
machine that she's gesturing
towards has a Rotary dial and
some other kind of elements to
it that you could potentially
interact with.
The next scene is her putting
her finger into the Rotary dial
and probably like turning it to
to turn. You know, she's she's
inputting data of some kind by
interacting with this Rotary
dial or or possibly just pushing
buttons on it. After that,
there's a crank on the side of
the machine, and we see her
grabbing hold of the crank,
probably to crank it, and then
after that she's reaching her
hand down underneath.
What's this
This horn looking thing that's
coming out of the machine, she's
holding her hand underneath it
because being dispensed from
from that tube is something is
it looks like maybe a small
sheet of paper or you know, some
kind of a card or something. So
now she's holding that card up
to the man and she's pointing at
the card as if to tell him like
this is information or something
on this card is what you need.
Now she's handing it.
Over to the man. We see his hand
held open, waiting to receive
the card.
And.
In the scene after that, there,
the man and the woman are sort
of both leaning towards each
other a little bit as she begins
to describe something else to
him. She's holding up three
fingers as if to describe, you
know, that three is going to be
an important number of some
kind, or possibly the letter W
she's also holding something in
her hand, which is hard to see
at this point, but maybe some
kind of a receiver.
The next scene is once again as
sort of like overall shot of
what's going on. In this scene,
we see just many people kind of
pointing up towards the air
where these sailing vessels are.
I mean, they are airships, but
they also just look like boats
floating in the sky.
And the woman who was helping
that man is pointing up towards
one of them, and he's holding on
to his hat as he probably
Shields his eyes from the sun as
he is looking up towards the
boat.
In the next scene we just see
the silhouettes of people who
are just kind of waiting, I
think probably for this airship
to arrive.
And in the next scene, the
airship is coming down and we
can see.
More clearly that it's actually
just going to land in front of
them and the next scene verifies
that the the the airship is on
the ground and everyone is
waiting to to board.
Now we see the fate, the feet
and legs of the man going up a
plank with his mouse snake
companion going up there with
him. Then we see that I guess
it's a ticket. So we now know
it's a ticket being checked in
by somebody who's wearing a
uniform that looks like he's
probably an official for the
vessel that just landed. So his
ticket was just.
Checked off by the
transportation official who's in
charge of this airship.
At least the ticketing for the
airship.
So in the next scene, the man
finds a place to sit, and it
looks like he found like a a
wooden bench, and his mouse
snake companion comes up next to
him and sits down next to him.
Next to the man is the woman
from earlier, and she has a seat
next to him with her Bunny owl
companion sitting on her lap.
And she's she's gesturing. She
looks like she's talking about
something. The man, we see him
next.
Holding up both hands as if to
say that he's uncertain about
something, and then he's leaning
forward, gesturing with one hand
and holding his chest with
another. You know he's looking
apologetic. Possibly he, you
know, once again just doesn't
understand something or is
trying to find more information
and.
Is is asking for additional
help. Then he holds open his
jacket and starts to reach
inside for something. The next
scene we see him holding a
document of some kind. It looks
like there's a photo on it and
and maybe some official stamps.
The woman. Now we see her
clutching her chest with one
hand as if to say oh I'm so
sorry. And she's leaning forward
and her face.
Looks sympathetic. Her animal
companion is behind her, just
looking on at this point. Now
she reaches into her bag and is
pulling something out, and she
also pulls out a document very
similar to the one he had, and
she's holding that up for him to
see. And once again, it's a
document with a photograph on it
and with some official markings,
and we see, it's the images of a
young woman. And so then we see.
A close up of the the face of
the person that's on her
document and it's it's a person
who's younger than she is,
possibly related to her or
possibly she herself as a
younger person.
Next we go to a set of images
which are different in color. So
before, all of these were black
and white images that had a
sepia tone. And now the
following images are black and
white images that have more of a
Gray, Gray tone. You know, so
all of this is going to imply
that we're looking at a
different scene, possibly at a
different period of time. This
could be a flashback. So what's
happening now is the young
woman.
Was reading a book.
And then she's.
She looks incredibly scared and
is clutching her book as two
hands enter the scene and begin
to grab her. Her face looks like
she's terrified and the hands
belong to obviously a man is the
way that they're they're drawn,
has to look much older and and
you know, they are holding on to
her.
And the next scene, those same
hands that had grabbed her are
now storing the book in some
kind of a drawer. And then after
that, that same drawer is now
being padlocked by those hands
and then the the man brings is
holding a shovel.
With one hand and clutching her
arm in the other hand.
From there we see that he's.
We now see that, you know, it's
actually her. He's holding on to
her shoulder with one hand. Now
she has the shovel as he's
directing her attention towards
something that he wants her to
be doing with that shovel. So
he's kind of pointing towards
the ground a little bit. Next we
see her shoveling coal into a
furnace, so.
The the furnace is part of some
kind of.
We we actually don't really see
what this furnace is attached
to. We just see that she's
shoveling something into the
furnace, probably coal.
The next scene, she's still
doing that same work, but now
it's raining. And the next
scene, she's doing that same
work now, except that there's
snow on the ground and she's
still out there. Finally we see
that, you know, she's, she's
there with the shovel, and she's
meant to be probably shoveling
coal into the furnace, but
there's a lot of smoke coming
directly out of the furnace
where the fire is meant to be
stoked.
And so to investigate why the
smoke is coming out the front of
the furnace.
The next scene we see her on a
ladder with a chimney like a the
kind of a brush that a chimney
sweep would use.
So she's taking that up the
ladder towards the chimney of
the furnace, and then we see her
at the top of the chimney using
that brush.
Down the down the smokestack so
that she can clean it out.
And in the following scene we
see.
We see a.
The.
We see the view of what she
sees, you know. So when she's at
the very top of the chimney,
she's looking out on this scene
that looks like she's in the
middle of the.
This.
Circular building that has.
Dozens of these furnaces that
are have all been cordoned off,
so each one of these furnaces
has somebody assigned to work
it, and their whole world are
these individual cells that have
nothing but coal.
And a furnace and all of these
people are sort of just destined
to.
To just work their particular
furnace.
Umm.
And the next scene we see that
she's.
Kind of like crouched down,
feeling despair, holding her
head in her hands.
And then
And then we see her standing up
and she's holding her shovel and
looking at the door of the cell
that she's in. Then she uses the
shovel to Jimmy the door away
from its hinge.
So that it looks as if she's
breaking the door down.
It's hard to say what's
happening in the very next
scene, because the image is kind
of partway cut off, but it looks
as if she's she's looking around
the side of the door just to
make sure that there's no one
nearby, perhaps.
And then she.
She is um.
Looking in a drawer, I think, or
looking in a place where
possibly the same cabinet or the
same drawer that the book had
been stored in.
And so she finds it.
She opens the drawer, and so we
see her hands reaching inside
the drawer and clutching and
taking hold of the book.
That had been taken from her
from earlier, and the next scene
we see her clutching the book to
her chest as we as she run like
hastens away.
And then we see this like.
Overview of what the what the
area looks like. It almost looks
as if it's a train station.
There's some train tracks nearby
and she's running towards them.
She she gets on board of.
She she does, she gets on, she
climbs inside one of the box
cars on the train and she, she
now crouches inside of the the
Boxcar and she's looking outside
and then in the very next scene
we see the train.
It's so it's a it's a steam
engine and we see the locomotive
sort of coming around the corner
of a bend with probably about,
you know, 5678 at least 10.
Cars that it's pulling behind
it.
OK.
Next we have this overview shot
of an airship.
We see a little bit more of the
city with a lot of of the
billboards and things,
advertising products and a
language that doesn't really
exist. A woman is holding
something that looks like coffee
or some hot beverage and.
You know, it's, it's just, it's
very much a sort of a blend of a
futuristic slash.
Asian inspired slash Moroccan
inspired cityscape.
With something that looks like a
minaret in the background, so
like sort of a mosque, but not
really.
And then we return to the same
sepia tones here. So this is
likely modern day, where we see
the woman once again holding on
to her rabbit owl companion in
her lap, and the man is sitting
next to her, looking at where
she is, gesturing, and she's
pointing to something off in the
distance.
Then we see some somebody, some
man who looks like he's wearing
some official uniform of some
kind, holding a megaphone up to
his mouth. So he's making some
kind of an announcement.
Then we see the ship.
Sort of hovering above what
looks to be another kind of a
platform where additional
passengers are waiting possibly
for the arrival of the ship.
And so it seems that we've come
to the end of whatever part of
this journey he we are, we are
at. We see the man in the hat
saying farewell to the woman.
They're holding hands or shaking
hands. And then he begins to
walk down the platform and he
has his mouse snake companion
with him. And then he's looking
upwards towards the sky, sort of
uncertain because his.
His brow is furrowed and he has
his hand sort of tapped onto his
chin, sort of as he's in
thought, looking up at what he's
saying.
And then in the next scene we
see what he is saying, which is
this.
You know, really kind of
confusing landscape where
there's this giant statue of a
creature that kind of looks like
a squirrel but not really,
holding a bowl of items,
possibly food items with
additional food items at its
feet. But this is a giant statue
since surrounded by it are
buildings and you can see how
enormous this the squirrel
statue is.
By comparison to the people and
the buildings that surround it,
and it looks almost like a
labyrinth in the way that he
would have to approach the
middle of this part of the city.
So it's possible that he was
wondering where he should be
going next.
So he begins to to walk and we
just see him walking down the
sidewalk and there's a wall kind
of behind him with indescript,
you know, just like bricks or
messages behind him. And then
from there we see that, you
know, he's just in a part of
town, you know, there's other
people.
You know, playing sidewalk
games, interacting with each
other, just walking around.
And then we see two, two men
interacting with each other kind
of near a box of squid arms. So
possibly some kind of a squid
arm transaction that's happening
in that scene. In the following
scene, there's somebody who's
reaching into what looks like a
vending machine and pulling
something out.
After that, there's a scene
where an older man is looking
inside of a box being held up by
a slightly younger but still old
man, and inside the box is some
kind of.
A fish lizard of some kind.
And then after that, we see that
the man is standing in the
middle of the sidewalk. His
Companion of the Mouse Snake is
still near him. He's pulling out
a book now, and he's looking at
the book, and there's many
images in the book with some
script next to each one. So he's
looking at the one that looks
like a loaf of bread, and he's
looking at whatever the
characters are that would
describe what the loaf of bread
is.
And then he looks over to what
seems to be the vending machine
area and his.
Mouse Snake companion has
already kind of like identified.
Which thing he should be
opening, or at least which thing
that the mouse, the mouse snake
wants. So the man goes over
there and he pulls open the
drawer, but inside of it are
they look like just giant rattle
tadpoles.
So then he consults his book
again, and then he pulls out one
of the.
Strange giant tadpoles um.
And.
Oh, he's not the one that pulls
it out, OK. A hand reaches in
and pulls out a giant tadpole.
It actually this, this boy,
this, this, this young boy who
pulls one of them out. And then
next to that boy is a slightly
older man wearing suspenders.
And the boy and the man seemed
very friendly and they were
waving as if to say, here, did
you want this? The man with a
hat gestures No, he does not. He
holds up one hand outwardly and
his face.
As an expression of, you know,
no I'm.
I'm all set, thank you so much.
And instead he actually pulls
the book out and he gestures at
the loaf of bread that he was
trying to find. This time the
loaf of bread is on the other
side of the page. I'm not really
sure that that matters, but in
any case, so he points at the
symbol of the loaf of bread and
then he uses a hand gesture.
I guess to seem to imply that
that's what he actually wants.
The hand gesture that he's using
is like one, one palm facing up
and the other palm facing
towards him.
On top, like a sweeping motion.
That's not a gesture I
recognize, but the result is
that the man with the suspenders
who's friendly and trying to
help, he points to one of the
other drawers of the vending
machine.
And then he opens that drawer
and he pulls out what looks to
be like an eggplant with a
really curled top.
And he gives that to the man in
the hat, who looks like he took
a bite out of it. So it's
possible that that's just what
bread looks like. Then we see
the boy return, and he's holding
this large Wicker basket, like a
large shallow Wicker basket. And
in the next scene, the man of
the hat is now holding the
Wicker basket. The friendly man
with suspenders is gesturing
for.
Him to follow along. He wants
the man in the hat to follow
them. The boy is kind of leading
the way, smiling towards
somewhere.
And then we see the friendly man
with the suspenders holding up
some kind of oversized shrimp,
maybe.
And then we see the boy holding
up some kind of geoduck that has
that's hollow on one side.
And it has like it's
effervescent, there's bubbles
coming out of it, and then we
see the man in suspenders
leaning over something and
tasting something which we can't
really see what it is. In the
foreground it looks like there's
some kind of an aloe plant. And
then we see the boy holding what
seems to be of very, very, very
large dragon fruit, like just
this giant.
Something, just giant vegetable.
And then um, and then the man is
holding some kind of a shellfish
out of which is like several.
You know, several tentacles are
coming out of it.
And then we see the man in
suspenders holding a giant snake
like creature with a big bulbous
head. And then we see him
holding what looks like a sweet
potato with legs giving a thumbs
up gesture. And then we see him
holding what looks like a
cucumber that has like a sort of
a star shape on the inside of
it. Ohh. And then we see the boy
happily taking a bite out of
what looked like that giant
tadpole that he had extracted
from the cabinet.
From earlier.
So now we see the man in the hat
kind of taking a bite and
holding food in his mouth,
looking with curiosity at the.
Cucumber that had a sort of a
star shape on the inside of it.
And then we see the boy leaning
over and feeding something to
the mouse snake companion.
All right, so now the man with
the hat's basket is full of all
sorts of different kinds of
strange foods that he's taking
home with them. The boy is
whispering something to the man
with the suspenders, who I think
at this point we can probably
presume is his father and the
the man with the suspenders
leans in to the man wearing the
hat and and embraces him warmly
with a hand on his shoulder and
leans into him.
As the boy points towards.
What looks to be a boat like a a
few boats, but maybe in a harbor
of some kind.
In the next scene, we see them
all walking out to the harbor
together. Except that.
There's there's no water here.
It's either incredibly low tide
or these boats don't require
water to move because everything
is shored and the the boats are
moored to these parts of the the
land but there's no water coming
in. And in the background we see
you know some kind of like
spectacular series of buildings
that almost look like a Fort or
a castle with all various shapes
and mostly triangles and.
and circles and arches.
Coming out of it, like a giant
sandcastle.
So they continue walking towards
one of the small row boats.
And then the boy gestures over
as he's holding some kind of
like a pot in front of him. The
pot was on the bow of the
rowboat, and the man with the
hat peers into the pot, out of
which is a tentacle very slowly
raising its way out. And then.
In the next scene, the tentacle
is most of the way out, actually
looks like about 2 feet worth of
tentacle coming out of this pot
and the man with the hat drops
his basket of strange food items
and looks quite shocked and
upset to see this tentacle and
the boy clutching his mouth as
if to say oh whoops, I'm so
sorry.
The man with the suspenders is
laughing and kind of gesturing
towards the tentacle, and the
man with the hat now is leaning
in with curiosity, holding his
chin with one of his hands, I
think with caution as he looks
on. Then we see the boy holding
what looks to be, you know, some
kind of a a rodent.
Slash Dragon creature the rodent
dragon creature is.
Pretty obviously this child's
companion. Then we see a sort of
like a close up on the rodent
fox like face and then the the
man takes a.
Actually looks like he's petting
the monster so he's kind of like
letting he's he's leaning in and
his hand is over top the the
creature's head as the boy holds
it to his chest.
And the man with the suspenders
now is crouched down and still
laughing and pointing at
something. And then in the next
scene we see the.
Fox.
Rodent dragon creature
interacting with the mouse
lizard snake.
And in the next scene, the two
of them continue to interact
with each other, and now the man
with the hat is picking up his
food and the man with the
suspenders is helping and
putting it back in the basket.
The man with a hat apologizes
with his hand on his chest, and
the man with the suspenders
tells him.
You know, in a gesture that says
don't worry about it.
Just holding his hand up as if
you know he's he's trying to
comfort the man with the hat.
And then after that, we see the
man with the hat gesturing
upwards.
In in maybe some kind of a
confused way.
Possibly upset. Then we see him
taking out his notebook and he's
he's writing something with his
pen or drawing something. In the
next scene we see that he drew a
series of very simple looking
houses side-by-side, like
townhouses. And then over top of
that is a long tail going off
off to the side of the page with
spikes coming on the tail as if
there was a dragon or something
that had just flown over these
homes.
And the man with the suspenders
once again puts in a reassuring
hand on the man with the hats
shoulder as he leans in and
describes what he himself wants
to say in terms of his own
story.
So he gestures towards himself,
and then he gestures upwards,
you know, remembering something
that had happened. The man with
the suspenders wears glasses,
and in his glasses we can see
something like that's happening
in terms of a flashback. There's
fire in whatever memory this man
has returned to. And then we see
fire in his eyes, you know,
possibly something that he's
remembering. #END_arrival_4
What a weird story.
And next?
We have a complex scene, so
these ones let me just show you
the.
Directions.
OK, so for a complex scene it's
going to be one page and you'll
be asked to describe.
As if you're describing it to
somebody who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see in
the scene, and then to take 3 to
5 minutes to describe the scene.
OK. And I will share.
My screen.
OK.
And I will make this.
Bigger, OK.
So begin when you're ready.
#START_being_a_pirate The
overall picture is of a pirate
ship off of the coast of some
kind of piece of land, and
there's a caption up in the
upper left of the two page image
called being a pirate. Shiver me
Timbers. There's some language
there I can't really read too
well on a screen.
But in the scene itself there is
chaos. There's little images of
pirates and boats absolutely
everywhere in this scene. The
main pirate ship itself has at
least 50 if not more individuals
packed onto the deck of the
ship. And everything that you
can imagine happening on a
pirate ship is happening in the
scene. Cannons are going off.
People.
are fighting, being pushed off
of the boat, Being clunked on
the head,
Going up and down the lines that
are attached to the sails, going
up and down the masts. They are
both firing their cannons and
also being fired upon in.
Sort of the area further away
from shore we see a couple of
additional larger boats like
larger pirate boats. We see the
stern of one of those boats and
then in the background we see
like the full-on pirate ship
with like 3 Jolly Rogers being
displayed, which is the skull
and cross bone flag.
In addition to these main three
ships we see at least.
Oh man 12345678910,11,12 at
least a dozen up to 15 dinghies
or row boats, all of which are
packed with once again like at
least a dozen pirates each. So.
Most of them are afloat. Some of
them are fighting sea monsters
like giant Kraken or octopus
that's come out of the water.
One of them has sunk and you see
pirates reaching out for help.
Some of them are going to and
from the ship. Some of them are
going to and from the other
ships in the scene.
We see a few people jumping out
of these dinghies into the sea
and we see people trying to
climb back into them in other
scenes.
We see.
We see at least one pirate
trying to walk the plank in one
of these boats.
And then there's everything
that's happening on the shore.
So there is some shoreline that
we can see off of to the right
side of this image. And on that
we see once again, just like a
variety of different scenes.
Some pirates are digging, some
pirates have an empty treasure
chest in front of them and are
examining it. Some of them are
fighting with each other, and
there's some palm trees.
They are cutting down the palm
trees and at least one of those
scenes further in the background
we see at least one of the row
boats or dinghies being pulled
onto the shore.
Or being dragged back out to
sea, it's hard to say like
what's happening in that
particular scene and I would say
that that.
Describes what's going on.
#END_being_a_pirate
OK, perfect.
Let me put the next one. Let's
see we have another short story.
This one is 2 slides.
OK.
Hello.
OK. And I will.
You could start when you're
ready. OK, all right.
#START_arrival_3 So we've
returned kind of to the.
Futuristic sci-fi world from
before. In the black and white
sepia tones, we see what looks
to be a paper boy wearing.
One of those, I forget what
they're called exactly. The kind
of like Paperboy newsboy hats.
Holding up what looks to be some
kind of like a big sign, and
holding several other papers
under his arm and just standing
on the sidewalk while people
behind him are reading what
looked to be the newspapers that
he probably sold them.
In the next scene we see.
a working woman who's holding a
creature of her own in her arms.
After that we see a a vendor. He
looks like he has like this push
cart of food in front of him. So
like, he's probably this is
probably his food stall that
he's pushing around selling hot
food. It's got like a chimney in
the middle of the cart and steam
is coming out of it. He also has
an animal companion that's
riding in the front.
basket of this cart looking out
ahead. That animal kind of looks
like an iguana of some kind. The
next scene or.
Kind of a couple looking into a
crate of.
What looked like very giant eggs
and he is holding one under his
arm and she is examining one
with both of her hands and
there's a couple of additional
giant eggs in this crate, look
like they're surrounding by
something soft like straw or
something. In the next scene we
see what looks to be a
professional Barber who has
somebody sitting in a chair in
front of him and he is using a
razor to shave that person's.
Face. That person's face is
covered also with shaving cream,
and in the foreground we have
some kind of mollusk creatures
that are just kind of.
Scampering around on the on the
street in the foreground.
In the next scene, we see a
musician playing on the
sidewalk. He's got the
combination of a accordion kind
of trumpet.
Instrument, some kind of a.
Yeah, just some kind of a
made-up instrument.
A fictional instrument, and he's
playing that while he's reading
some sheet music on this, on a
stand that's in front of him, in
the background, there's
somebody, also a musician,
playing what looks to be a
violin, and in front of them are
some kind of like, you know.
Pigeon. Bird.
Bunny hybrid creatures.
And then after that, there's a
scene where there's a bunch of
people sitting side by side with
books or other information in
front of them, like maybe a
newspaper. It looks like one
woman might be using her hands
on some kind of like a knitting
project or something. It's very
difficult to see, but
everything's everyone seems to
be looking on towards the woman
who's reading out loud. She's
gesturing with her hands, which
makes it look as if she's
probably.
Communicating, and everyone
seems to be, you know, listening
to what she has to say.
And then in the final scene is
the the man who I think we've
seen before, but this time he
has a suitcase, which I don't
remember him having before. Or
maybe he did and he's he's
looking in wonder kind of around
him with his hand on his chin.
As activity is happening in the
background behind him.
Then he takes out a device and
and looks at it or opens it up
and taps on it. It's possible
that it's some kind of a
compass, or maybe it's some kind
of a clock or watch or
something. And then he looks
upwards while he's still holding
this compact. It's like a you
know, it's like a round item in
his hand that he clasped open or
unclasped into an open position.
He's looking up at a building at
what looks to be some kind of an
astronomical.
Clock, so it's possible he's
trying to tell the time by
looking at whatever device this
is.
It just kind of looks like one
sun in front of another sun.
Next we see him with his
suitcase again, and he's like in
the middle of the sidewalk
crossing the street.
And then we see him in a
different part of town with, you
know, person in the background,
and now he's in a section of
town that's different, with
archways in the background and
he's still carrying his
suitcase.
Next we see him looking up at
these, at these glowing orbs
sort of that have surrounded
him, and they almost look like
fireflies. And we see him sort
of leaning into one that's
glowing kind of brightly in
front of him, and he reaches up
as if to touch it, but then all
of a sudden they all streak
away. So before he has a chance
to, I think, know what they are,
they all.
They all sort of just vanish.
And it's it happened so quickly
that he loses his hat. So his
hat flies off his head. He
reached down, he reaches down,
he picks up the hat and he puts
it back on, and then he notices
that there was some markings on
the ground where had his hat had
fallen. So he's looking down at
the ground, where he sees all of
these arrows pointing in
different directions. Some point
left, some point up, some point
down, some are curved.
And then he pulls his book back
out. So he's looking at his book
and he's cross referencing it
with the designs that he sees on
the ground. And as he's doing
this and trying to figure out
what it means, another, he looks
over his shoulder upwards.
Somebody has approached him from
behind. And then we see that
there's this man's hand that
he's looking at. And then in the
next scene we see the man
himself. So.
A man who would is dressed as if
he, you know lives in, you know,
Egypt or another part of the
Middle East or something to make
a modern day sort of analog to
whatever he's wearing. He's sort
of gesturing towards the the man
on with the hat as if to ask,
you know, can I help you? Is
there anything that you're
looking for? And the man with
the hat.
And the the the the local, I
guess the local start to
interact with each other. The
local then gestures.
And towards the man again,
possibly as if, you know, he's
trying to say, you know, I'm, I
want to help you, I just don't
know what you need. So the man
with the hat takes his notebook
back out again and starts to
draw. The local looks on as he's
drawing. The man with a hat
draws a bed.
A bed with a window in the
background, so like he's looking
for a bedroom and the the local
raises his finger and his eyes
go a little wider and looks to
smile a little bit as if to say
ohh right, yes I know what you
need. And then he starts to
gesture away from the spot where
they are. So the man with a hat
taking his suitcase back in
hand, follows the local who is
carrying his own companion in a
sort of a pack on his back which
looks.
Like some kind of
A rabbit squirrel.
Creature. #END_arrival_3
Hey if you need to take like a.
2 to 3 minute break. Get any
water? I don't know. OK, I'm
good. You got it? I got it.
Now next, let me see what we
have. We have a complex scene.
And I'm going to pull it up.
Yep.
OK, like before, take 3 to 5
minutes, describe the scene and
I will share.
My screen and put this in a
presenting mode.
#START_campsite OK. All right.
So in this scene we've got.
Once again, like utter chaos
happening across these pages,
it's the colors used are bright
and cheerful, lots of greens and
pinks and Blues, like a lot of
really vibrant primary colors.
And the scene itself is
primarily a canal splitting or
bifurcating the page, so we've
got like a scene below.
and a scene above the canal.
Which are both these kind of
fields that have lots of people
and lots of activities going on.
In the fields, we've got tents
on one side of the canal and
camper vans on the other side.
So I guess in the scene that's
kind of like on the closer side
like the towards us.
Are the ones that are tents. So
we've got like maybe
3456789101213 or between 13 and
14 tents set up with activities
happening all around them. Like
definitely camping activities
ranging from people.
Cooking. Cooking. Like s'mores.
Or at least it looks like
they're Oh no, wait, they're
being served coffee. OK, so
they're they're being served
coffee, except that the person
pouring the coffee missed and
just pouring it onto one of the
people instead. There's a guy
with a guitar that's sitting on
the ground and surrounded by
people who are listening to
them, just like I think they're
supposed to be hippies.
There's a dog in the scene.
There's some people blowing up a
raft.
And.
In addition, you know, to to the
camping activities happening
around the tent scene, there's
just like probably about 100 or
so people ranging in ages from
very very young to probably
middle age or so. Not, not
anyone too old. There is one
hiker that's, that's pretty old
but.
There's just lots of activities
inside the canal itself. Um,
there is at least one canal
boat, a couple of mermaids, some
fish, somebody's fishing.
There's a bridge crossing the
canal, and underneath the bridge
it looks like there's two
people, like kind of just doing
a log ride or or maybe they're
just doing like a Venice. Oh
yeah, that's what it's meant to
be. They're like in a Venice
style canal boat with the big
rod and everything.
In addition, this is back on our
side of the canal. We see a
couple of bulls in one of the
small fields. There's also these
walkways and there's tons of
people just walking around on
the walkways. Most mostly there
are people I think carrying
packs as if they're hiking or
camping or something. And then
on the far side of the canal is
where all the camper vans.
are. There's 34579 camper vans,
yeah. And once again, like the
activity is over on that side
are more subdued. It actually
looks like there's just more
people standing around having
conversations than anything
else. One camper van is in
distress. It looks like they've
had a fire going on, on the
inside of it.
And in the background we see
fields, some additional bulls,
are at least one bull chasing a
couple of people, people on
bikes. Overall, over the entire
scene, I mean, there's likely to
be at least 200, if not more
people. And the whole scene is
like just camping. #END_campsite
OK, perfect.
Next one, OK. The next one is
also a complex scene.
OK, so same thing as.
Before, it's just one scene.
#START_waldo_1 So this is the
sort of of an over sort of a
bird's eye view of a city, like
the middle of a small city where
we've got a triangular Rotary. I
guess it's not really a Rotary
if it's a triangle, but an area
of town that's shaped like a
triangle in the very center
where.
Several streets intersect, and
so we've got vehicles who are
navigating this, this triangle
like a center of town.
Surrounding it are various
buildings, shops, apartment
buildings, and additional
sidewalks. And then in the
background we've got what looks
to be a school and a hospital.
And a fire station. So the
activity that's happening around
this area.
Are various things that you
would see in a city, you know,
so we've got people in their own
apartment buildings that are
leaning out the window, watering
their plants, having
conversations with people in
other windows. We have people
going into the shops. So in one
area there's a barbershop,
there's a Barber pole, and
people are going into it with
incredibly long hair and coming
out of it with much shorter
hair. There's.
Uh.
There's a hospital scene in the
background where we've got
people dressed as if they worked
in hospitals, like wearing
scrubs and doctor's uniform
rushing out helping victims of a
bike accident that looks like it
just happened.
And in the background also is a
school, it looks like somebody
like a principal or somebody is
standing outside of a school
that's gated and outside are
students on the sidewalk that
are walking towards school, the
clock on the school's.
Facade looks like it's early in
the morning, so probably the
start of school.
In the foreground, there's just
other, you know, chaotic scenes.
Um, there's some maintenance
people on the top of one of the
buildings that are having some
kind of a mop fight, wearing
buckets on their head as one of
the other workers looks on.
While he's looking on, he's
feeding the birds. We also see
in the foreground some kind of
like a a farmers market with
tents set up and people milling
around and.
And buying things from plants to
it's hard to say what else
they're buying. There's there's
a man playing the violin in the
middle of the farmers market.
And in the middle of the
triangle is a fountain. And
people are looking at the
fountain and at least one guy
is.
Playing in the fountain, wearing
fins and a snorkel, and he's
like being lifted up by the
fountain. And there's also a
statue of um Looks like some
kind of a Greek shirtless
soldier, and he's holding a bow
and pulling or Roman I guess
Roman is the one that has those
kinds of helmets.
And he's the statue is holding a
bow, and nearby is a car that
looks like it has a flat tire,
possibly because an arrow went
through it so confusingly, it
looks like this statue shot the
arrow that went into the car.
And yeah, so that is the scene.
It's businesses and residential
buildings and commercial,
commercial buildings and lots of
people. #END_waldo_1 Perfect.
Thank you. Let's see what we
have next.
OK, we have another complex
scene next.
OK.
#START_wild_west All right. So
this is generally the scene of
like a pioneer town, like an Old
West, a Wild West. There's a
caption on this one, too that
just says the wild, Wild West.
And so I think that in this
scene we see a lot of the
different kinds of really
cliched buildings and costumes
and people that you would see in
the Wild West. So most of the
most of the buildings.
Are the kinds of facades that
have the, the, I don't know,
honky-tonk kind of like
lettering on them that say
saloon, hotel, jail and.
But behind the facades are are
basically you can you can see
that there's a lot going on,
sort of like behind.
The, the, the, the facade
itself. So in front of these
buildings are tons of people
dressed in cowboy boots.
You know, vests, cowboy hats, a
lot of them have guns, are using
guns on each other or just
carrying them. The women are
dressed more like in Victorian
era dresses.
And then there's a lot that
doesn't really kind of make
sense about, like, what's going
on in this scene. So, for
example, there's like a herd of
bison or a herd of Buffalo
that's coming through town, but
they're not actually Buffalo.
They're just Buffalo stamps. We
see like a horse in the middle
of the road that's drawing a
portrait of a covered wagon.
In the background of one of the
scenes, we we see a cowboy
that's riding off onto the
sunset and everyone's waving
goodbye to him and he's he's
turning around and not watching
where he's going and he's waving
goodbye to them. But he's not
really riding off into the
sunset. He's riding into a
billboard or some kind of like a
canvas or something, so it's not
real.
So I mean like it's a lot of a
lot of scenes like that, you
know, there's a, there's a, a, a
Stagecoach that's in the middle
of a rail, like a railroad, and
there's an engine coming, a
steam engine coming down, a
locomotive coming down the
railroad. Except that of course
the the Stagecoach is in the way
and it looks like the Stagecoach
is being robbed.
By bandits that have their faces
covered.
Umm.
I'm trying to think there's
there's a lots of people who are
painting some of the buildings.
I'm just looking for more of
these like.
Visual absurdities.
Yeah, there's like a fake couple
of gold mines that people are
are going into. It's almost as
if the whole thing is like an
attraction, you know, like, like
none of it is real. It's almost
like a theme park.
Once again, like just hundreds
of people in this scene.
#END_wild_west
OK, perfect.
Let's see what we have.
Next. OK, Next is a short story.
OK, there we go. And I'm going
to share my scene. This one's
approximately 11 slides. And
same thing with the stories.
When you're done with one slide,
let me know and I will move on
with it. OK? OK.
#START_flowerman All right. So
here we have a real bleak scene
that's mostly black and white,
of what looks like an abandoned
town that there's one person
trying to enter.
He's crossing a bridge. He's the
only thing in the scene that's
kind of in color. So we can
guess that the story is about
him and he's entering this real
bleak abandoned town. Maybe not
abandoned. I mean, there are
some people that we can see in
the foreground of these
buildings and there are smoke
coming out of the chimneys, but
it looks like this is not, this
is not a place that's booming
with like, modern
Day success.
So our protagonist is now
standing sort of more at a
crossroads in the middle of the
town. It's like a cobbled Street
and.
The the buildings surrounding
him look kind of worn out. The
shutters don't look like they're
in great shape. The the curtains
are tattered. The in the
background we do see that there
are people that we can kind of
see through the windows. That's
very difficult to tell what
they're doing. At least one
person on a motorbike is in the
background, sort of like heading
into the direction of the
intersection where our
protagonist is standing.
And once again, everything is
black and white except for him.
Or her.
We can't really tell because
we're looking down from a bird's
eye view.
And the next scene our
protagonist is standing. We now
see that it's it's more clear
that he's holding some kind of a
handbag and wearing a blue hat.
He is once again standing on the
sidewalk of a cobblestone
Street, looking up at these
buildings. The, the architecture
of these buildings is very
storybook like, you know, with
sort of skewed perspective on
the houses themselves. Nothing
is quite rectangular. Everything
is angled in a sort of like
fairy tale kind of a way. And
here we get to see
A lot more activity that in each
of the windows of the buildings
is activity of some kind, you
know, from people painting to
watching television or just
people standing together. And we
see some people in the
background and two small
children kind of like looking,
looking on at him. There's a
clock nearby and it looks to
probably be about 6:30 or so.
In this next scene, we see the
very small house that was on the
corner. This is the house he was
standing in front of before,
much smaller and more modest
than the houses that surrounded
it. But the the protagonist now
seems like this is his house,
and he's standing up on a
ladder. The entire house is in
color, including part of the
tree that's still on that
property.
Everything else is in black and
white. He's standing up on a
ladder and it looks as if he's
doing some work on one of the
shutters. Everyone nearby is
still in black and white, but
now there's a lot more people on
the scene, on the street, up in
their windows, up in the.
Maybe not on the rooftops, but
um, but it looks as if, you
know, like he's he's putting
some care and some effort into
this one place. And it's
possible that that's what, you
know, that's what it takes to
kind of bring the color back.
People are watching and
observing what he's doing.
There's a girl, a couple of
girls actually kind of like
looking on with wonder. At least
one of the girl's mother, you
know, looks disdainful.
At like what's happening? She's
she's feeling, you know, put out
by having her daughter look at
this with wonder.
So yeah, this the scene is.
You know, it's just very
involved with lots of people
around. Most everyone is like,
you know, carrying on with their
own business.
In the next scene, it appears as
if the old man whose house this
is has had some success in
getting things cleaned up. The
yard looks much better. There's
flowers on the fence that
surround his house. His house is
in good shape. Everything about
his house is in color. The tree
behind the house is also sort of
like a colorful, autumnal
looking, you know, just like
deciduous tree.
And now there is one other
character in color, which is
this small girl who's walking
away from his house.
And he's waving goodbye to her.
And as she's walking away, she's
doing something in front of her.
But it's hard to say. Everything
else is in color. I mean, sorry,
it's still in black and white.
So, I mean, he's had some effect
on his environment, but only for
this one person. Meanwhile, it
looks as if there's some kind of
a thief character hovering
nearby his house he's wearing.
A mask over his eyes, and he's
got the really like kind of
cliched striped shirt and beret,
so it's possible that he's
looking at this colorful house,
looking to rob it or something.
Meanwhile, everyone else once
again is carrying on with their
own business. The guy on the
scooter coming down the street
takes notice of the colorful
girl. The milkman I think that's
down the street also is kind of
looking on with astonishment. We
now see that there is a painter
in one of the windows and now
he's not inside of his apartment
painting. He's kind of come out
onto his ledge and is looking
down at the girl. So it seems as
if though everyone is sort of
living their own lives.
They've now taken more notice of
this change that's happening.
All right, so everything is much
more colorful in this next
scene. The man with the colorful
house remains so. But now many
more of the characters that
surround his house are in color.
So we have a lot more children
who are colorful.
And ohh, he's not a thief at all
now he's just kind of like
hanging out. Maybe I was
mistaken about the thief.
We've we've got people in their
own homes that we can see
through their windows who are
colorful. The painter very much
has color in his life.
The there's there are some
people who are moving. So it
seems as if the woman who looked
on earlier, that all of this new
change was dreadful. She and her
family are choosing to move
rather than to stay in this new
world with all of the color in
it.
But yeah, it looks as if, you
know, there's some change
happening and some people are
accepting it and some people are
are not and and moving on.
OK, in this next scene it looks
as if pretty much everyone who
remained is now in full color.
The color ranges from like the
buildings to the people
themselves, to the tiles on the
ceiling or on the tile tiles on
the roofs which are multi
colored, and in a couple of
different cases. The milkman has
found love, I guess in the
intersection of one of the
streets.
A child is playing in the
fountain. This time everyone is
going about their own business,
but everyone seems to be in a
much better mood. And the man
who started this story is
lifting a small child into the
air as a an old woman who's now
on his property is also nearby.
And they're grilling, so you
know, they're having some kind
of a a get together. Yeah,
everyone who remains is.
Seems very happy with this new
world.
In this last scene, it looks as
if the man who came on the scene
to begin with might actually be
leaving. It seems like, you know
he's.
Sort of like exiting the scene
away from his house. You know, I
think he's wearing his hat and
he has his bag in hand.
Everything remains incredibly
colorful. People are doing a
street race like a foot race.
There is a scene where two
people are on a date in the
foreground near one of the
fountains.
You know, neighbors are chatting
with each other. There's a
couple that's kind of like in an
embrace in the background. The
painter is not in his window.
I don't see where he went.
There's somebody on the rooftop
who's in his towel decorating? I
don't know. Just wave just
waving at the world?
And yeah, so generally speaking,
I think everyone has found new
connections with the people in
their lives. So they're no
longer living their lives
independently, now they're
living their lives together.
And in the scene we returned to
that intersection of town where
the old man had arrived to begin
with. Except that this time
everything is in color and
people once again are spending
time together. And it definitely
seems as if he is leaving town.
And in this last scene we see
the man at the intersection of a
new place. This new place is
entirely in black and white and
he is standing in front of
another little house that has a
for sale sign in front of it.
And he's holding up some kind of
a diamond shaped object and
everyone's looking down at him
with suspicion and it looks as
if the neighbors.
Of this House are the same
neighbors that he had before,
who moved rather than stay in
his Happy New World. And the
girl is looking down at him,
delighted to see him again, and
the parents very much the
opposite. But it looks as if the
story is going to continue in
this new town where he brings
color and togetherness once
again.
And in this scene, we see him
leaving that house. The girl is
standing outside of the house
holding a colorful flower. She
herself is in color. And there's
a man looking on from the window
who has also changed from black
and white to color. And they are
both holding colorful flowers.
And then we see sort of like on
the edge of this screen, the old
man carrying on and moving on.
#END_flowerman
OK. Thank you. Let me see what.
We have next.
OK, we have another short story.
This one is 66 slides.
#START_arrival_6 OK. All right.
So we return to the sepia
Dystopian future world, fantasy
world. Alright, so in this scene
we see a pot, it looks like it's
an empty pot, and then something
alights on the side of the pot
like some kind of a winged
creature of some kind. And then
that creature kind of like bends
forward and looks inside of the
pot and possibly falls into the
pot. Because in the next scene
we see, you know, just maybe the
part of a tail or something
peeking out from the pot behind
the pot or possibly.
In a mirror view it's hard to
see, but yeah, like behind the
pot is somebody who's wearing a
waistcoat and long sleeve shirt
dipping a pen into some kind of
an ink well with with a gas lamp
nearby so they begin to write in
the next scene. So we see them
writing on a piece of paper
using this fountain pen.
And possibly in the foreground
of that scene looks to be like
some money. So like some
currency bills just sitting on
the paper. Sorry, sitting on the
countertop in front of the
paper.
Then once the once the writing
is complete, in the next scene
we see the the person folding
the paper, and then in the scene
following that it looks like
they've made a paper crane or a
paper pigeon of some kind.
And they then tuck that paper
bird into an envelope. And so
then, oh, then we see them
reaching into some kind of like
maybe.
Wallet. No, no, it's the same
envelope. We see them putting
the currency into the the same
envelope. So the paper crane or
the paper bird plus a bunch of
money is put inside of this
envelope, and then we see the
person's face as they lick the
envelope to seal it.
And then they put in the next
scene we see them putting a
stamp on the envelope. Following
that we see that this must have
been our protagonist from
before, because we see his
companion, the mouse snake,
following him down the stairs
with the shot is only from the
waist down, but he's holding the
envelope that he just created.
He is now on the street,
speaking with an older woman
who's wearing like a kerchief
over her head and.
He's holding up the envelope and
she is pointing off somewhere in
the distance, so it's as if he's
asking her where he can go mail
it and then in the next scene we
see some kind of like what looks
like a post office box or like a
Mailbox.
And it.
Is just this square, rectangular
kind of cuboid shape, but with
wings.
It looks like there's like wings
coming out of it, just like
flaps.
So he leans forward and he's
like, reading instructions on
the front of the mailbox. And
then he pulls something on one
of the there's like levers or
buttons on the front of the
machine. He pulls one of them
out. A set of small doors on the
front of the mailbox opens, and
he slips his letter inside. And
then he looks upward because in
the next scene we see that.
That mailbox has actually
started to fly, not because of
its wings, but because there's a
giant balloon that's attached to
the mailbox from above. So the
mailbox is attached via a string
to just this giant round
balloon, and he begins to walk
away, knowing that that mailbox
is now on its way.
Here we see the progression of a
plant. So it's it starts and
we're looking at a leaf shape,
which is like a very simple
design and then it starts to get
split in the middle.
That splitting kind of
continues, and so now there's
like a prominent V, splitting
the leaf in half.
And that continues to split open
as this stamen of a new plant
kind of like emerges from the
center and that new.
The new seedling continues to
expand as the the leaf shape on
either sides continues to kind
of shrink down and shrivel.
The the, the stamen looking
seedling then, you know, sprouts
like this kind of bulbous.
And like top and then that
continues to grow. So now the
leaf shape that has been on
either side of this.
Of this like stamen is now
completely disintegrated on the
ground and what's left is a very
dandelion looking.
Stem with with a sort of like a
bulbous or spherical top and it
looks as if you know it's some
kind of like a flower that
continues to grow and get
incredibly large and dandelion
like and how feathery and and
large it is. And then it gets so
big it looks as if parts of it
do start to fly away like a like
dandelions seeds would.
As the dandelion seeds float
away, what's left is something
that looks.
You know, it just continues to
look flower like kind of like a
Daisy and then after that there
are these small white, six small
white lines that appear inside
of the flower like.
Plant that remains.
And then on this, on the scene
next, they continue to get
bigger like seeds.
So these seeds continue to get
bigger. Um, there's some flying
creatures which kind of appear.
Possibly they interact with the
flower, possibly they don't.
The seeds are now quite seed
like now and take up probably
about like 10% of the plant
overall, maybe more than 10%
like 30%.
And then in the next scene we
see that these seeds are
actually dropping to the ground.
So 3 seeds remain in the plant,
3 seeds have dropped to the
ground and also on the ground
with them are these kind of like
rodent tailed creatures that are
possibly eating the seeds or
taking them away. In the next
scene the plant which is kind of
a tree like flower like thing
remains barren. There's no,
there's no seeds on the plant or
on the ground.
So I think that that part of the
tree's lifespan is over. The
next scene is very similar, just
a little bit more bleak. And
then the next scene we see the
tree like structure be begin to
deteriorate. So all that's left
of the tree begins to sort of
like disintegrate and fall
apart. And we see that happening
in the next 4 scenes where the
solid structure of the tree
gives way to.
More of a Lacy.
Skeletal structure that remains.
That looks kind of like a sand
dollar, like the under sand out
of a sand dollar.
And we're entering a sort of a
winter season with snow on the
ground. Snow is falling. Now.
There's nothing left of the tree
at all, except for that skeletal
structure that just looks as if
the tree has gone like totally
dormant at this point.
In this scene we have a bird's
eye view of like the center of a
city, where we've got these
incredibly monolithic large
architectural structures that
look very imposing. There are
flying creatures and airships.
Around the scene on the ground,
you know, we see the, you know,
very small lines indicating
people going up and down the
roads.
The architectural style is once
again reliant on just these
large shapes. Cuboids, cones,
cylinders, all very basic
fantasy like shapes for these
buildings.
In that next scene we see the
what had been empty vessel, this
pot and the flying creature
coming back to it. Except now
when it approaches the pot,
these little heads pop out. So
it's a flying creature that's
feeding some some babies, it's
bringing something in it's beak
and it's kind of leaning forward
to babies that are reaching up
with open mouths. So this flying
creature's taking care of those.
The next time we see the the
man, our protagonists sitting on
a bed inside of a room, there's
lots of things happening in the
room. He's got a he's got a
desk, he's got books, he's got
an oil lamp, he's hanging his
laundry out to dry. His snake
mouse companion is on the bed
resting behind him. His shoes
are on the ground, and he is
holding what looks to be a
framed photograph in the next
scene where we get a close up.
Of his companion, who kind of
wakes up. He's sleeping. And
then he wakes up with a start
and then he jumps off the bed
and the man holding the
photograph kind of like looks
over to the side wondering what
happened to his friend. And the
the the animal kind of like
ducks out of sight down a a
hatch in the floor. So it's it's
evident then that this man is
staying in some kind of like an
attic room because.
You see like a step ladder or a
ladder coming out from from
underneath this hole in the
ground. So then we see the man
climbing down the ladder.
Going after his companion and
the animal creature is now.
Looking at a envelope on the
ground. Above the envelope is
probably the mail slot through
which it was slid, so he's
probably at the front door. The
creature looks up with worry as
the man reaches down to take
hold of the envelope. The man,
we see his face and his hands
open the envelope, and then he
pulls out a bird, so it's the
paper bird, and then he unfolds
the bird.
And he sees the message and he
now is looking out the window,
probably wondering how that how
the letter even got to him.
And now we see a couple of
different scenes. The 1st is a
folded paper version of his
mouse Snake creature pet.
The second is some kind of
conical um.
Once again, like the
astronomical clock looks like a
sun in front of a sun.
That's like a mechanical object
that probably is for telling
time.
The next scene is a hat on a hat
rack, next to maybe what looks
to be a handkerchief with some
patterns on it.
In the next scene we see a bowl
with some of the strange food
items he had acquired from
before. Next we see a child's
drawing of one of the airships
that we had seen from before.
And behind that, once again an
astronomical, you know, kind of
a drawing of like a sun over top
of a sun.
Next to that is some kind of
mechanical device that looks
like it's like a clockwork or a
spring key mechanism of some
kind.
Then we see like a cup of coffee
or a cup of hot beverage on top
of a.
Uh.
It's on a, you know,
It's it's a it's a teacup on a
saucer on top of maybe what
looks to be a newspaper. Then we
see a scene with a family. It's
like it's a man, it's a woman
and looks to be like a a child,
but like a girl.
And then we see a scene where
there's an older male hand with
a coin that's giving it to a
smaller.
a smaller child's hand. But then
we still see that teacup on top
of a.
Newspaper in the background.
So in the next scene we see the
overall picture of everything
pulling together from what we
saw from before. So we've got
the the paper, the origami
version of the the pet, the the
picture of the family, the
astronomical clock.
So we've we've got the man and
his child and and his wife, and
he's holding up the number 3 as
he's giving her some coins.
And they're all sitting at a
table and having breakfast
together or some kind of a meal
together. It looks like she's
wearing a nightgown.
In the next scene, she's pulling
some some boots on and then we
see her hand reaching towards
the the pet snake mouse creature
who has something in his mouth.
So maybe like a hat or item of
clothing. Oh, it's a hat because
then we see that she's pulling a
hat on.
Over top of her head.
And then in the next scene we
see her. It's like an exterior
shot, so she's outside. We see
the House that they probably are
living in in the background or
the apartment, and she's running
down some stairs with some mouse
snake sort of at her side.
And then in the next few scenes
we see her sort of running
alongside the pet, and then
she's reaching down. We see them
both looking down below on the
ground at a couple of glowing
objects. She's pointing at one,
and then the mouse is kind of
like looking on as she's
pointing at it, and then then in
the next scene.
She's surrounded by those
glowing fireflies, so it's like
they lifted off of the ground
and started glowing around her
after that happened.
#END_arrival_6
OK.
Umm.
So let me just.